"Our tour will be a felony party! We will be playing with the wicked band from England, Cradle of Filth, maybe we will also deflect some animals on the stage as well" - Ishanari of Emperor before their first tour in 1994
"When we were kids, we used to chase old ladies on the streets wearing catfish and we talked like us, from hell to people on the phone" - Immortal shared childhood memories for Terrorizer in 1999
"I do not care about Undergroud! Do you really expect me to sit down all day and write a letter?" - Satyr from Satyricon
"Yeah Fucking Evil !!" - The American listener
"What am I thinking about Dead in Mayhem? Well, what can you say about someone who could starve hungry for days, just to see how his body would look like? I always wanted someone like that in my band" - Euronymous, interview in 1988
"I hope many people will hate me after this interview and consider it personal. People thought to hate us, after all, we never intended to form a band that people would love." - Euronumous confessed, interview from 1992
Dead first buried his clothes underground 3 days before the show so they will smell like dirt, on stage he used to keep a bag with a dead crow, and occasionally he used to kiss him, just to smell" - Hellhammer describes the preperations for their performances in Leipzig
"Q: Are you proud to be the new bass player for Mayhem? A: "Yes, I am proud as a goat!" - Varg, interview from 1992
"The problem with most Norwigian bands is that their singers sound like Popay" - Cronos from Venom shared his thoughts in 1999
"Those fools must be afraid of black metal, they go and listen to nonsense like Deicide, Napalm Death, Sepultura and all that shit!" - Euronymous to direct interview
"We only signed bands representing pure EVIL" - Euronymous, 1993
"We will never play life because I am too abusive" - Fenriz, admitted
"I would rather sit at home and cut myself than go to parties" - Euronymous explains why he is not popular in school
"We wont have a condom logo like Dimmu Borgir" - Satyr from Satyricon in 2001